Add a link to the slc CLI app (#92)
plaintextaccounting/plaintextaccounting.github.io: index.md

- [qb2ledger](https://gist.github.com/genegoykhman/3765100) QuickBooks General Journal CSV to *ledger converter
- [QIFtoLedger](https://github.com/Kolomona/QIFtoLedger) (Bank of America's) QIF to *ledger converter
- [reckon](https://github.com/cantino/reckon) smart interactive/non-interactive CSV to *ledger converter

> - [slc](https://github.com/marvinpinto/slc) slc generates Ledger accounting entries, works with generic CSV files as well as the Stripe API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [slc](https://github.com/marvinpinto/slc) generates Ledger accounting entries, works with generic CSV files as well as the Stripe API
```

> - [slc](https://github.com/marvinpinto/slc) slc is a CLI application to generate Ledger accounting entries, works with generic CSV files as well as the Stripe API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [slc](https://github.com/marvinpinto/slc) generates Ledger accounting entries, works with generic CSV files as well as the Stripe API
```
